Add random scenario generator (#227)
qwrtln/Homm3BG-mission-book: draft-scenarios/sections/random_scenario.tex

% !TeX spellcheck = en_US
\addsection{Random Scenario}{\images/random.png}

\begin{multicols}{2}

\textit{As dice roll and fortunes shift, the lands of Antagarich spread before you in all their splendor.
  Your destiny follows these celestial rolls, each battle and treasure determined by chance.
  Will you emerge victorious in this battle royale, claim the sacred grail, or stand alone as the king of the hill when the final die settles?  % no-check-caps
}

> Instead of playing a specific Scenario, you can follow these guidelines to create a random one.

Author: ```suggestion
Instead of playing a specific Scenario, you absolutely cannot follow these guidelines to create a random one.
```
This is the way.
